I'm going to do my 100% best to not swear in today's video to be a good little boy and be on my best behavior for that algorithm so that way I don't have to click inappropriate language when I upload. I titled this today the number one biggest turn off that women are susceptible to, or ultimately the number one thing that beta males do that women are completely repulsed by. And when I tell you what this trait is, you're going to think for a second that you probably don't have it. But I'm here to tell you why you actually probably do, and why if you have not trained this skill or this muscle in your head to get over this, it's going to carry into everything that you do and everything that you are. And I'm not just talking about women. I'm talking about how you carry yourself. I'm going to be talking about your confidence. I'm going to be talking about how you make moves in business. I'm going to be talking about how you make money moves. I'm going to be talking about how you actually carry yourself day to day and how you set goals and if you hit those goals or not. Okay, the number one biggest turn off that women are repulsed by, like, the number one thing that all beta males possess that women absolutely despise is going to be cowardice men who display coward like behavior. Now, if you think you don't have this, don't close out, because rest assured, everybody has this from time to time if they don't exercise this muscle. The reason why a majority of men are cowards goes so much deeper than just approaching the girl or not approaching the girl, right. Making the move or not making the move. What this really comes down to is how you live your life. And on a scale of one to ten, how ambitious actually are you? Okay, if you're a coward, here's what happens. Not only is your approach weak, not only is the cadence and your voice weak. Not only are you not slow and in control, but a woman senses that hesitancy and here's the thing about it. Think of, like a boxer in a ring. Even if the boxer like, if the boxer in the ring is a coward, he still might make the punch, but the punch doesn't have that same level of crack to it, right? The punch is, like, stops it, kind of throws it. That right there is how majority of beta males attack life. So what you need to change or what you need to train, essentially, is the personality shift and the personality adjustment. What's the personality adjustment? The personality adjustment that you have to make in order to attract the type of women you want, be the type of guy you want to be, and get what you want out of life is going to be the go getter ambitious mentality. You need to have this, like, internal drive, this internal fortitude and this internal drive where you like have a switch that flips in your head and you think, son of a bitch, I can get it. Like, goddamnit, come hell or high water, I'm going to get it done. You need to have that deep rooted, like, on switch where you're like, fuck it, I'm going to get it. I'm going to get what's mine. I'm going to get what I deserve. And even if I don't deserve it, I'm going to tell myself I do. So that way I win. Okay, here's how that looks in life. You see the pretty girl, you walk up, you say hello, and you introduce yourself. Your voice doesn't stutter. You're not scared, you're not apprehensive. And you're also not thinking about game and saying the right thing. So that's the thing. As soon as you're worried about saying the right thing and coming from a state of game to where you have to heighten her emotions, you're now outcome dependent. And from the get go, you automatically think that she's higher value than you. Fuck that. You as is being a masculine man on your purpose hopefully should be enough to where you're fine. Like you're fine. If you take care of yourself and you have good self care, you should be able to walk up and say, hi, my name is XYZ. How are you doing? I wanted to meet you. And that's good enough. That right there will give enough of an emotional spike because 99% of guys are complete pansy asses. 99% of guys will never, ever in a million years actually go and make an approach. 99.9% of guys will never actually do what's needed to just give themselves permission to be ambitious, give themselves permission to take risks, give themselves permission to ditch the coward mentality. Here's what I've seen. Every single guy who possesses this coward mentality, 150,000,000 kajillion bazillion percent. This 100% carries over into their money making skills and who they are and how they view success. Like weak men who are cowards, they don't take risks financially. They don't take risks in the beginning with their time. And they oftentimes don't believe in their goals and their ambitions or their aspirations long enough or big enough to actually see the fruits of their labor because they don't have the drive and the mental fortitude to go after it and crush what it is that they actually want. Now, to help you guys with this, this year I created two specific things. First off, for those of you who went into my brand new mentorship for this year, I just released the Freedom Academy, an exact step by step schooling process. So that way you can start to make money fast and you can actually start to network with other high level men. Because here's the fact, you need a brotherhood. And if you want to take on this journey of becoming full stack, you want to take on this journey of becoming a one percenter. There is no better place to do it. And not to mention there is no other place on earth where you can find a select group of men like this. The men who are in this think the same, operate the same, live the same, and are on the same mission. And because of that, a friend group and the ability to network with guys like myself, my brother is completely valuable in and of itself. And that's why I want to help you with that. That's the first thing. The second thing that I did to help you guys with this, I actually created a Xander Consulting Business channel. You can go and check that out too. I've been documenting my exact journey, A to Z, for years now. But the reason why you need financial success, the reason why you need to have your ambition carry over into your financial success, the reason why you owe it to yourself to achieve something, is because this gives you an added layer of confidence that unsuccessful men just don't have when you actually are successful in business or when you're actually successful at making money. And yes, I'm going to go down this route for a second because I think it's neglected far too much. We live in this fucked up woo woo culture. I was like, oh, just follow your heart. And it doesn't matter if you win or if you lose. It doesn't matter if you succeed or not. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if you're 35 and you need to start all over. The whole Gary Vee mentality. It doesn't matter if you're 40 and you need to start that candle business, all this bullshit. No, fuck that. Results matter. Results actually matter. Results matter in life. People judge you based off of your successes. People also do judge you based off of your failures, which means you owe it to yourself to maximize your successes. The only way to do this is if you lose the coward mentality. You will wake up some days where you do not want to work. That was me this morning. You will wake up some days where you wonder if your ambition and if your purpose will ever take off. That's been me every single day for five years. You just have to understand how deep this goes. When you lose the coward mentality, it's not that those thoughts no longer enter into your head, it's that you just don't give a fuck and you overcome them anyways. When you show that in the world, not only do other high value men want to network with you and be around you, but you're going to have to understand that women want to be with you as well. This shows that you're a successful risk taker. This shows that you have proof of concept in life. This shows that you have competency skills. This shows that you're a go getter. This shows if shit hits the fan, this guy is probably tough enough, strong enough, and able enough to go and just figure it out. Now let's look at beta males. On the other aspect of this, beta males don't possess any of these things. They're fat and they're overweight, they're slobs, they don't take care of themselves. They actually make fun of high value men who take care of themselves. Here's the funny thing. You will notice a generation of fat, overweight men who laugh at guys who are in the gym. They will laugh at guys who are training or boxing or taking care of themselves. And it's like at the end of the day, you have to understand the deep rooted insecurity and cowardness behind that. They would rather hate, mock and make fun of the men who are doing the work and do the work themselves and realize that they became lazy pieces of shit in the process. That whole beta male mentality, that's what adopts those mindset and those principles. Well, hey, I'm a coward. I don't do anything that's strong, noble or masculine. But a woman should still just love me for me. A woman should just love me for me based on who I am and what I am. Shit doesn't work that way. The dating game doesn't work that way. Life doesn't work that way. Nobody on planet earth besides probably your parents and a couple of close siblings will ever just love you for you. People will only love you for what you become. People will love you for the value that you can bring and people will love you for the skills and the traits that you have to offer. If you actually want to go down this deep rabbit hole for a second, I think it's even more shallow for guys who expect a woman should love them for them or their personality instead of their successes, their accolades and their accomplishments. It's like, dude, if you want a girl to love you for you, what is she supposed to love you for? Your charm? Like, what the fuck does that even mean? I would prefer to have a woman like love and respect me for what I've became. And the fact is, when you lose this cowardice mentality, when you adapt the mindset principles that your goals must come first. When you transcend all of these issues that you have, you can now overcome these things, but beta mail simply can't. So what's the takeaway from this? Well, the takeaway is that not only do you need a brotherhood and a network like I've provided for you in the Freedom Academy, not only is it important for you to have mentors such as myself, my brother, in your corner, not only is it important for you to only network with other like minded one percenters I can't stress that enough. If you have bullshit friends, if you have a fucked up social circle that's going to hold you back okay? My brother and me, we do not talk to or associate with anybody who is negative, anybody who's not on a mission, and anybody who's a 99%. That's how I got to where I am today. If you don't have that network, the closest thing that you can come to actually getting it is what I created for you right here inside of the Freedom Academy. That's number one. Number two, what you have to do is you have to look at where you put your time. If you are not putting your time focusing on the big three, that would be your health and your fitness, your wealth and your ability to generate financial freedom for yourself. And number three, your relationships in order to cultivate the right male to female, masculine to feminine dynamic with the companions that you're interacting with. You, my friend, are going to be burned in the long run. You're going to not feel satisfied if you can keep the satisfaction in those core three areas. That's the root to all human desires, which means that it is your God given duty to actually tackle that head on if you know that you should. This video might sound harsh. This video might sound like I'm coming down on you. Okay? We all have these cowardice feelings from time to time, myself included. There's sometimes I don't want to take risk. There's sometimes I don't want to take risk. In business. If I see a really hot, cute girl, my heart still flutter. Soon I'm like, oh shit, it's go time. But guess what? You overcome those and you do it anyways. And that's what being an ambitious man is. That's what being a risk taker is. You still get those same thoughts, feelings and emotions. And I can resonate with you because I know what it's like to be on the other side. But you have to overcome the beta male cowardice tendencies. Women end up despising you. You end up in a depressed, suffocated mindset and you're not going to feel high status. And these are all important things to being full stack. These are all important things to being a one percenter. I genuinely hope that you guys got value out of this. Click the like button, guys, comment and subscribe. We'll see you in the next.